New README proposal (#329)
dirty-cat/dirty_cat: README.rst

   :alt: dirty_cat logo

|py_ver| |pypi_var| |pypi_dl| |codecov| |circleci| |black|

.. |py_ver| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/dirty_cat
.. |pypi_var| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/dirty_cat?color=informational
.. |pypi_dl| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/dirty_cat
.. |codecov| image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/dirty-cat/dirty_cat/master
.. |circleci| image:: https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/dirty-cat/dirty_cat/master?label=CircleCI
.. |black| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg

`dirty_cat <https://dirty-cat.github.io/>`_ is a Python library
that facilitates machine-learning on dirty categorical variables.

> The techniques implemented are based on science!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For a detailed description of the problem of encoding dirty categorical data, see
> `Similarity encoding for learning with dirty categorical variables <https://hal.inria.fr/hal-01806175>`_ [1]_
> and `Encoding high-cardinality string categorical variables <https://hal.inria.fr/hal-02171256v4>`_ [2]_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed description of the problem of encoding dirty categorical data, see `the website <https://dirty-cat.github.io/>`_```

and generally useful in machine learning settings:

- The `SuperVectorizer <https://dirty-cat.github.io/stable/generated/dirty_cat.SuperVectorizer.html>`_
- The `DatetimeEncoder <https://dirty-cat.github.io/stable/generated/dirty_cat.DatetimeEncoder.html>`_

You can find more details and examples on `the website <https://dirty-cat.github.io/>`_.

What dirty_cat does not
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`Semantic similarities <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_similarity>`_
are currently not supported.
For example, the similarity between *car* and *automobile* is outside the reach
of the methods implemented here.

This kind of problem is tackled by
`Natural Language Processing <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_processing>`_
methods.

dirty_cat can still help with handling typos and variations in this kind of setting.

Installation
------------

dirty_cat can be easily installed via `pip`::

    pip install dirty_cat

Dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dependencies and minimal versions are listed in the file `min-requirements.txt <https://github.com/dirty-cat/dirty_cat/blob/master/requirements-min.txt>`_

Related projects

> ----------------

Reviewer: This information should be added somewhere on the website, and not on the README. The README is not the documentation. It is less visible, and less searchable than a web page.
